# Question 277

You create a Python script that runs a training experiment in Azure Machine Learning. The script uses the Azure Machine Learning SDK for Python.

You must add a statement that retrieves the names of the logs and outputs generated by the script.

You need to reference a Python class object from the SDK for the statement.

Which class object should you use?

* A.Run
* B.ScriptRunConfig
* C.Workspace
* D.Experiment

<details>
  <summary>Show Suggested Answer</summary>

  <strong>A</strong><br>
<p>A run represents a single trial of an experiment. Runs are used to monitor the asynchronous execution of a trial, log metrics and store output of the trial, and to analyze results and access artifacts generated by the trial.</p>
<p>The run Class get_all_logs method downloads all logs for the run to a directory.</p>
<p>Incorrect Answers:</p>
<p>A: A run represents a single trial of an experiment. Runs are used to monitor the asynchronous execution of a trial, log metrics and store output of the trial, and to analyze results and access artifacts generated by the trial.</p>
<p>B: A ScriptRunConfig packages together the configuration information needed to submit a run in Azure ML, including the script, compute target, environment, and any distributed job-specific configs.</p>
<p>Reference:</p>
<p>https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azureml-core/azureml.core.run(class)</p>

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Show Discussions</summary>

<blockquote><p><strong>MattAnya</strong> <code>(Tue 04 Jul 2023 05:24)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 6</em></p><p>was on exam 01/03/2023</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>ranjsi01</strong> <code>(Tue 19 Jul 2022 15:19)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 6</em></p><p>CORRECT</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>evangelist</strong> <code>(Sun 08 Dec 2024 07:39)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 1</em></p><p>A is correct</p></blockquote>

</details>

---

[<< Previous Question](question_276.md) | [Home](/index.md) | [Next Question >>](question_278.md)
