# Question 81

You are creating a new experiment in Azure Machine Learning Studio. You have a small dataset that has missing values in many columns. The data does not require the application of predictors for each column. You plan to use the Clean Missing Data.

You need to select a data cleaning method.

Which method should you use?

- A.Replace using Probabilistic PCA
- B.Normalization
- C.Synthetic Minority Oversampling Technique (SMOTE)
- D.Replace using MICE

<details>
  <summary>Show Suggested Answer</summary>

<strong>A</strong><br>

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Show Discussions</summary>

<blockquote><p><strong>ajaysdr</strong> <code>(Sat 28 Dec 2024 10:30)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 1</em></p><p>The MICE (Multiple Imputation by Chained Equations) method is effective for imputing missing values by considering the relationships between different columns, making it suitable for datasets with many missing values</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>raidenstrike1945</strong> <code>(Thu 12 Dec 2024 16:36)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 1</em></p><p>CoPilot game me this ans:
D. Replace using MICE (Multiple Imputation by Chained Equations)

MICE is an effective imputation technique that can handle multiple columns with missing values by using regression models to iteratively impute the missing data, making it suitable for your needs.</p></blockquote>

<blockquote><p><strong>Hisayuki</strong> <code>(Mon 04 Nov 2024 00:42)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 3</em></p><p>The point is &quot;The data does not require the application of predictors for each column.&quot; So, it means reducing the dimension and use the PCA - Primary Component Analysis</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>PI_Team</strong> <code>(Fri 12 Jul 2024 15:31)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 4</em></p><p>Question is outdated in my opinion. 
In Clean Missing Data, you can see only: Replace with meanmedian/mode/ and remove enitre row/column

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/component-reference/clean-missing-data?view=azureml-api-2</p></blockquote>

<blockquote><p><strong>phdykd</strong> <code>(Tue 25 Jun 2024 05:28)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 1</em></p><p>A is the answer. It is in classic version.</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>krishna1818</strong> <code>(Wed 29 May 2024 09:26)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 2</em></p><p>As a predictor is not required we can use PPCA method</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>ajay0011</strong> <code>(Tue 02 Apr 2024 04:46)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 1</em></p><p>Answer is PPCA. MICE is wrong totally check documentation.</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>phdykd</strong> <code>(Sat 03 Feb 2024 05:24)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 4</em></p><p>D. Replace using MICE (Multiple Imputation by Chained Equations) is a method that should be used to clean missing data in this scenario. It is commonly used when the data has missing values and the aim is to impute the missing values while preserving the relationships among variables in the data. A. Replace using Probabilistic PCA (Principal Component Analysis) is not the most suitable method for cleaning missing data in this scenario, as it is typically used for dimensionality reduction and feature extraction, rather than imputing missing values. The method of choice for cleaning missing data in this scenario is D. Replace using MICE (Multiple Imputation by Chained Equations), as it is commonly used for imputing missing values while preserving the relationships among variables in the data.</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>ruggerofreddi</strong> <code>(Thu 01 Jun 2023 21:11)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 1</em></p><p>PCA is for dimentionality reduction: it diagonalize the covariance matrix (being simmetric for the spectral theorem u can always diagonalize it) and than cuts off the dimensions with small eigenvalues/variance... I am not aware of any variant of this algoritm to impute missing values. do you have any reference? thank you</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>lewitt</strong> <code>(Fri 15 Sep 2023 07:36)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 1</em></p><p>Only did it once in uni, but PCA is a legit method for imputing missing values. If I remember well the whole idea was that you generate the missing values through a linear regression using the features z generated by the PCA process. Either way, I might be very wrong and this link seems to explain better than I do: https://stats.stackexchange.com/a/43125</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>ning</strong> <code>(Mon 15 May 2023 13:47)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 1</em></p><p>MICE vs PPCA, this is not so easy to answer in practice, for exam purpose, I agree with A</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>MohammadKhubeb</strong> <code>(Wed 01 Feb 2023 08:36)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 1</em></p><p>A, is the correct answer. For dimension reduction. PCA algo is significantly used.</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>adamwar</strong> <code>(Tue 25 Oct 2022 13:09)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 2</em></p><p>What does &quot;application of predictors&quot; for each column mean?</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>Padilha</strong> <code>(Fri 19 Jan 2024 11:53)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 1</em></p><p>It means you will not need to used all the other columns to predict (or replace) the missing values in one column. Basically it&#x27;s saying that you will not apply a method like linear regression using all the other columns to fill the missing column. That&#x27;s what MICE do, so they said that to you eliminate that option</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>Samuela</strong> <code>(Fri 11 Nov 2022 04:46)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 1</em></p><p>I have the same question, could someone plz explain?</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>Sichlis</strong> <code>(Tue 20 Dec 2022 17:17)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 3</em></p><p>I think this just means, that MICE uses the last value before a NULL value to calculate a good representive for this NULL values, but in case there are a lot of NULL values this technique isn´t a good solution and therefor Probabilistic PCA (which doesn´t need the predessesor values) is the better choice.</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>DingDongSingSong</strong> <code>(Fri 31 Mar 2023 23:39)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 1</em></p><p>You&#x27;re describing Last Observation Carried Forward not MICE. Application of predictors reference makes no sense here with respect to data cleansing</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>Vipuls</strong> <code>(Tue 28 Dec 2021 11:10)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 4</em></p><p>Yes, given Answer is right</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>Andrexx</strong> <code>(Sat 13 Nov 2021 00:51)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 3</em></p><p>Agree with the answer</p></blockquote>

</details>

---

[<< Previous Question](question_80.md) | [Home](../index.md) | [Next Question >>](question_82.md)
