# Question 381

You deploy a real-time inference service for a trained model.

The deployed model supports a business-critical application, and it is important to be able to monitor the data submitted to the web service and the predictions the data generates.

You need to implement a monitoring solution for the deployed model using minimal administrative effort.

What should you do?

- A.View the explanations for the registered model in Azure ML studio.
- B.Enable Azure Application Insights for the service endpoint and view logged data in the Azure portal.
- C.View the log files generated by the experiment used to train the model.
- D.Create an ML Flow tracking URI that references the endpoint, and view the data logged by ML Flow.

<details>
  <summary>Show Suggested Answer</summary>

<strong>B</strong><br>

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Show Discussions</summary>

<blockquote><p><strong>jefimija</strong> <code>(Thu 24 Oct 2024 06:59)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 1</em></p><p>I also thought it was D, but it is B for real time and endpoint</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>james2033</strong> <code>(Thu 12 Oct 2023 10:04)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 1</em></p><p>Question keyword &#x27;it is important to be able to monitor

- the data submitted to the web service and

- the predictions the data generates&#x27;

New GUI is item &#x27;Application Insights diagnostics&#x27; with toggle button &#x27;Enabled&#x27;. You can practise with sample model Sample PyTorch model https://www.kaggle.com/code/xiedaicheng/download-pytorch-model/output
, upload, then create new deployment, then see this option at step 2.</p></blockquote>

<blockquote><p><strong>phdykd</strong> <code>(Wed 22 Feb 2023 19:47)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 2</em></p><p>B. To implement a monitoring solution for the deployed model that supports a business-critical application and requires minimal administrative effort, the best option is to enable Azure Application Insights for the service endpoint and view logged data in the Azure portal.

Option B, to enable Azure Application Insights for the deployed model, provides a scalable and cost-effective way to monitor the data submitted to the web service and the predictions generated by the data. Azure Application Insights can be easily integrated into Azure Machine Learning and provides powerful analytics tools for tracking and analyzing usage, performance, and errors in real-time. With Azure Application Insights, you can quickly identify and troubleshoot issues, and you can set up alerts to notify you when specific events occur. ACD do not provide real-time monitoring capabilities for the deployed model.</p></blockquote>

<blockquote><p><strong>BTAB</strong> <code>(Fri 13 Jan 2023 02:25)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 3</em></p><p>I don&#x27;t think this can be B because App Insights will now show prediction information, only utilization/traffic etc.

The answer has to be D. Review https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/v1/how-to-use-mlflow?tabs=azuremlsdk#track-runs-running-on-azure-machine-learning</p></blockquote>

<blockquote><p><strong>synapse</strong> <code>(Sun 13 Mar 2022 02:45)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 4</em></p><p>B is the correct answer. Only App Insights can be used here. The question does not talk about MlfLow model. So D is not in question.</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>ranjsi01</strong> <code>(Tue 25 Jan 2022 09:59)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 2</em></p><p>D is correct. B provides mostly telemetry data about the service itself.</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>BleadFast</strong> <code>(Mon 15 Mar 2021 13:14)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 2</em></p><p>I think both B and D could work but B is easier to setup</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p><strong>dushmantha</strong> <code>(Mon 30 Aug 2021 05:32)</code> - <em>Upvotes: 1</em></p><p>I guess minimum administrative effort means that...</p></blockquote>

</details>

---

[<< Previous Question](question_380.md) | [Home](../index.md) | [Next Question >>](question_382.md)
